Styling fix nva10v50-series (#91781)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/nva10v5-series.md

The NVadsA10v5-series virtual machines are powered by [NVIDIA A10](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/products/a10-gpu/) GPUs and AMD EPYC 74F3V(Milan) CPUs with a base frequency of 3.2 GHz, all-cores peak frequency of 4.0 GHz. With NVadsA10v5-series Azure is introducing virtual machines with partial NVIDIA GPUs. Pick the right sized virtual machine for GPU accelerated graphics applications and virtual desktops starting at 1/6th of a GPU with 4-GiB frame buffer to a full A10 GPU with 24-GiB frame buffer.

> The preview is currenty availabe in US South Central and West Europe regions. [Sign up for preview](https://aka.ms/AzureNVadsA10v5Preview) to get early access to the NVadsA10v5-series. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preview is currently available in US South Central and West Europe regions. [Sign up for the preview](https://aka.ms/AzureNVadsA10v5Preview) to get early access to the NVadsA10v5-series. 
```

| Standard_NV36adms_A10_v5 |36 |880 |720 | 1 | 24 | 32 | 8 / 80000 |
| Standard_NV72ads_A10_v5 |72 |880 |1400 | 2 | 48 | 32 | 8 / 80000 |

> <sup>1</sup> NVadsA10v5-series VMs feature AMD Simultaneous multithreading Technology<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup> NVadsA10v5-series VMs feature AMD Simultaneous multithreading Technology

```
